docs: Access Control API Reference (#224)
livepeer/livepeer-studio-docs: docs/05-reference/api/create-signing-keys.mdx

---
title: POST signing key
---

# `POST` Create a signing key

A `signing key` is used to sign JWTs and are necessary to make a stream private.

When you create a `signing key`, the request returns a ECDSA (P-256) `pem` keypair, where

> - The `publicKey` is a Base64 of the `pem` public key of the keypair

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `publicKey` is a representation of the public key, encoded as base 64. You do not need to worry about this but just pass it around as a string.
```

- The `privateKey` is displayed *only* on creation. This is the only moment where the client can save the private key, otherwise it will be lost

> Upload a video `Asset` to Livepeer Studio from an external URL through the
> `POST /api/asset/import` API.

Reviewer: I think this was left here by mistake.
```suggestion
```
